I told my lawyer I'd agree to mediation
if Magda dropped the preconditions.
She never appreciated you.
I know, Mom.
At least it's not as ugly
as divorce court.
No, you're right.
- I agree with you.
- Thanks, Mom.
- Keep your chin up.
- Yeah, I'm trying.
I love you. I'll see you later.
Okay.
All right, I love you too. Bye.
Morning, G.
- When did that happen?
- Hey, guys...
- Who did this?
- Don't know.
- Where's all our stuff?
- I think it's safe to go in.
- Don't know.
I'm saying I think it's safe to go in.
Am I seeing assigned seats?
Yup. I'm here.
This is nice. Nice.
Oh, look,
they even sharpened my pencils.
- Do you write with pencils?
- No.
Could be one of Nate's
psych experiments.
I'm not one of Nate's lab rats.
- You ever known me to receive mail?
- Nope.
- Send mail?
Organisation and productivity
are directly correlated.
Cleanliness is next to, um,
- efficiency.
- So you moved our stuff?
- I tried to stop her.
- Hetty. She's the only one...
Continue, Mr. Callen. Continue.
With the authority.
Nate, if your comment
that they might be miffed
constitutes trying to stop me,
I suggest you learn more forceful
techniques of self-assertion.
Not that I would have listened.
People, this is an office.
Insofar as you have equipment
necessary to your duties,
you'll find it in your desks.
Insofar as you had stuff,
- you'll find it all upstairs in trash bags.
- Most of it's Kensi's.
You're welcome to add
a personal touch or two.
But let's not again have it looking like
a fraternity lounge.
Now, if you'll follow me,
we have work.
Chief Petty Officer Frank McEllon
was murdered last night.
He was one of the Navy's
top engineers.
He worked on supercavitation.
Really cool technology.
Puts a bubble around a submarine,
quadruples its speed.
From 25 knots top speed
fully submerged to a hundred knots.
- Nifty trick.
- A trick you wanna keep secret.
Murder and possible espionage.
Both balls are in your court,
Mr. Callen.
Hey, new bullpen's great, huh?
An enlisted sailor lives here?
- It's a little too upmarket, isn't it?
- Way upmarket.
Mobiles go over cribs, right?
Huh. Looks like baby moved out.
Probably not by herself.
Now, the alarm system showed this
window open just before the murder.
Eric, there's a house
directly behind us.
They have a security cam. Thanks.
So McEllon hears a noise
and he comes in.
Killer takes him from behind,
no struggle.
McEllon's 6 foot, so the killer's strong,
he's quiet.
And knows how to use a knife.
Hey, guys.
- What do you see?
- Huh.
Dusted for prints,
but there aren't any.
This was the only window open.
He came and went through here.
The whole crime scene is like this.
Do you know what the forensics report
is gonna find?
Absolutely nothing.
No prints, fibres, hairs.
This guy didn't leave a trace.
- Nanny cam.
- With a front-row seat.
- Okay, Eric, thanks.
- Keep looking, Dom.
- Eric says the window...
- Dom's trying to track down...
- The killer knew...
- The wife split a month...
Callen.
- Was I heads or tails?
- I'm not telling you.
The window that the killer used
was not covered
by the security camera out back.
Our guy must have
cased the house first.
But Eric found another camera
next door.
This is video from four days ago.
He's running facial recognition,
but there's been no hits yet.
And now it's your turn, Sam.
McEllon's wife split with the baby
a month ago.
Dom's still trying to track her down.
- Financials?
- It turns out McEllon's money is clean.
He designed sub technology
before he joined the Navy.
His patents are lucrative.
Why would a wealthy engineer
enlist?
The same reason Pat Tillman
left the NFL to join the Army.
Patriotism.
McEllon signed on after 9/11.
So a patriotic guy sells secrets?
That would make him unpatriotic,
Kensi.
- You were tails, for the record.
- Can I have my phone?
- Thank you very much.
- Heh.
Feels weird.
I like it.
I'm over here, you're way over there.
- You see the forensics report?
- No.
It's right there in your inbox.
I thought it was the outbox.
Heh. Kensi was right.
The killer left no DNA.
No fibres, no hairs, no prints.
Nothing.
Never seen anything like it.
Thanks.
- Agent Callen. Agent Hanna.
- Director.
NSA
completed the preliminary review.
Sub programme security protocols
do not appear to have been breached.
Espionage or not,
this case is still a priority.
That's why I'm sending our
top forensic specialist to assist you.
But there are no forensics.
Our forensic expert
has a theory about this crime that's,
shall we say, original.
Thinks McEllon
is the victim of a serial killer.
No other law-enforcement organisation
in this country thinks this killer exists.
Can't say I do either.
And you're sending this person why?
I was ganged up on.
Who gangs up on the director
of a federal agency?
Oh, you'd be surprised, Mr. Callen.
- And who's the expert?
- Oops.
I think I took a wrong turn. Hello?
Abby? We're in here.
There you are. Hi.
Wow. This place is seriously cool.
- So how do you?
- Double tap, get the menu,
fill the screen. It's all very intuitive.
No wonder McGee
can't stop talking about this.
So I'm sure Leon has told you
that I know who killed McEllon.
- Wait, you call him Leon?
- You don't?
- Not successfully.
- Give it time.
- You have a name for us, Abby?
- He's called the Phantom.
- By whom?
- By me.
Anyone else?
No, just me.
Well, I'm going to leave you kids to it.
But I must say, Abby, you are
the first NCIS employee I've ever met
with a sense of style.
You'd all do well to note
that one can be functional
and stylish at the same time.
Right, Mr. Beale?
Abby, the forensics report
has no evidence of the killer.
That's why I call him the Phantom.
Fourteen murders in two years.
I mean, it took me a while
to see his pattern, but...
Okay. Pull up a list
of his murders, please.
This is a private website
for forensic specialists.
Abby's a rock star among them.
I've been blogging about the Phantom
for a few months.
I'm trying to get local police
departments to pursue him.
All right, 67-year-old black female
poisoned in Tampa.
The killer left nothing. No hair,
no DNA, no fibres. Zippity doo-dah.
Twenty-two-year-old white male
shot in Des Moines.
No trace of a killer.
Thirty-seven-year-old
Asian female in Boise.
With a crowbar. Do you know how
hard it is to cudgel someone to death
with a crowbar
and leave no forensic evidence?
I mean,
cases with zero forensics are rare.
Like, every few years kind of rare,
and this is 14 in two years.
Okay.
Have any of the local P.D. S
pursued this Phantom theory?
Not one. Can you believe that?
Serial killers are organised
or disorganised.
This guy's organised
and leaving no forensics.
But completely disorganised
in everything else.
I mean, random victims,
weapons, locations.
It just doesn't look like
one single killer.
He makes it look random
on purpose.
That's how I knew that McEllon
was a Phantom victim.
Not just the no-forensics part,
but he never repeats himself.
Like, he's never cut the neck
of a 40-year-old white guy before, see?
Clearly,
you've spent a lot of time on this.
If you wanna get my attention,
show me a crime scene
and tell me there's no clues.
Oh, we have a clue.
This guy.
Casing the house
three days before the murder.
Well, okay.
The Phantom's not the kind of guy
that would get caught on camera.
Three days prior?
Scoping the place out?
Maybe he's finally slipped up.
I'm just curious
why you pressured Vance
to send Abby.
He wasn't buying
her Phantom theory.
He needed goosing.
So you want us chasing
the Phantom?
Mr. Callen, is that what you think?
I don't know.
There's...
There's been some meddling
around here,
and I'm a little fuzzy
on the command chain.
This case lacks forensics.
As your operations manager,
I procured for you
our best scientist to help you.
You, as head agent, are free to pursue
whatever theory of crime
makes the most sense.
There's no fuzziness, Callen.
You still shoot the ducks,
I just row the boat.
What is he holding? A rabbit?
He misses his little girl.
Hang on.
Let me see here and here.
It's the same fabric, top and bottom.
- Overalls?
- It's a full body suit. That explains it.
He doesn't leave it,
he takes it with him.
Takes what with him?
Hair and fibres and skin.
Evidence.
Every day we lose 50,000
dead epidermal cells.
That's 1.5 pounds per year.
- We have to go to this crime scene.
- Abby, the crime scene's done.
- Yeah, and they found nothing.
- So you wanna go why?
Because I think
I can find something.
All right.
CSI guys tracked through dirt.
The scene's completely contaminated,
Abby.
I'm not looking for footprints
that leave dirt,
I'm looking for footprints
that remove dirt.
Okay, so you're thinking that...
Come with me.
Smart thinking, Abby.
You live up to the hype.
Dom found e-mails
from Magda McEllon
threatening to kill her husband.
I'm gonna need to talk to her.
Gotta find her first.
Yo, Callen, Sam. In here.
So most footwear
is electrically neutral.
But some body suits made
for chemical workers or doctors,
they have a tiny electrostatic charge.
Electrostatic charges,
they pick up dust.
Just like those dust cloths
you see advertised on late-night TV.
You know about cleaning products?
You watch late-night TV?
I can get the full pattern
from his bootie in this dust here.
Then I can find you the make
and a manufacturer.
Huh. Thank you, Abby Sciuto.
You're welcome, G. Callen.
So where do we start
looking for Magda McEllon?
"Zuggler-Smith."
I hate lawyers.
Miss Jenkins has left for lunch.
See?
I told you, she said the restaurant.
- Oh, there she is.
- Enjoy your lunch.
Thank you.
My job, I deal with a lot of jerks.
Frank McEllon
was a real gentleman.
Even to his wife, who demanded
two-thirds of his submarine patents.
Things he had invented
before they even met.
- You advised him to fight.
- With the future value, hell, yes.
They're already a gravy train
if he can afford to hire you.
You're cute.
Frank told me
they'd be worth a lot more soon.
Top-secret and all, but that had
to mean the Navy liked his inventions.
That's a lucky wife.
She's a widow, not an ex.
So Magda McEllon gets it all.
So when your people
went to serve her with the papers,
where did they go?
Five years married
to a button-down Navy guy.
She splits, moves down here
to get a taste of the crazies.
I used to live here.
Well, you and crazy speaks for itself.
That's her.
Well, she's fast.
Fast for a short girl.
- I said she's fast.
- I said she's short.
Nanny cam. McEllon's killer
was the same height as he was.
She's got the motive,
she's just not tall enough.
But he is.
Okay.
That's the guy
that was casing McEllon's house.
- I gotta go.
- Ah. Boyfriend-girlfriend.
- She's not even divorced yet.
- Ha, ha.
You see other partners
after I was shot?
Oh, no. I'm a loyal guy, G.
Think old lover boy over there is loyal?
Loyal enough
to do Magda's bidding?
- What do you think? Ten bucks?
- Whoo.
Don't do it. Ha, ha.
Is that a casual walking away
or an "I see two guys that may be
law enforcement" walking away?
I might look like law enforcement.
- Yeah? What do I look like?
- Like you grew up here.
Come on.
What are you doing, man?
Watch out.
- Aah! Unh.
- Unh.
What happened?
- What did he do, man?
- I don't know.
Unh. Hey! My bike!
Watch out!
- You hurt?
- Uh-huh.
Good.
There's Magda McEllon.
- I'll talk, you get the video.
- Okay.
Make sure you zoom in
on her reaction.
You're on.
So, what's your name?
- Cyrus Hill.
- Heh.
That's funny,
you don't actually look like a Cyrus.
Facial recognition says
that your name is Ted Brock.
Why did you run?
I thought you were gonna
steal my stuff.
It had nothing to do with the two
outstanding arrest warrants?
So basically, what you do
is you butter up rich ladies
and then you steal their things.
What I wanna know is,
where were you last night?
- I had a date...
- Mm-hm.
With Magda McEllon.
Magda McEllon?
Hi. I'm Special Agent Kensi Blye.
I need to speak with you.
Please have a seat.
This is difficult.
I'm sorry to have to tell you, but, um,
your husband
was murdered last night.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh, my God.
How?
Where?
In his house.
I'm really sorry,
but I need to ask you this.
Where were you last night?
I took Magda to dinner at the Ivy.
I was here, with Lily, my baby.
- And Lily?
- She hired a babysitter.
We only have childcare
in the daytime.
I'll take her story over his.
Facial cues. Eyebrows, parted lips.
Her surprise is genuine.
She didn't know.
Guys, she just skewered his alibi.
Let's get to motive.
Tell me something.
How long have you known this man?
Cyrus?
A few weeks. Why?
Actually, his name is Ted.
Ted, I'm guessing that you wanted
the submarine patents
that Magda would get
if her husband was dead.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Did you tell Ted
about your husband's patents?
Yes, by mistake.
I was pissed off after a phone call
from Frank's lawyer.
He knows about the patents, G.
Magda just called you a liar.
She's out there?
- She can hear me?
- You weren't with her last night.
You knew about the patents and that
she might lose them in the divorce.
So you went to McEllon's house
last night and you killed him.
Now she's a rich widow
and she dates you.
Wait, that isn't true. Magda...!
I didn't kill anybody.
You cased the house four days ago.
Security camera across the street.
That's why you picked a
different window when you killed him.
I didn't kill him.
Then why did you case the house,
Ted?
Magda said he kept 10 grand
in bearer bonds.
I saw the security camera.
I didn't go in, I'm not a B&E guy.
So where were you last night?
Brentwood.
Lady friend.
Is she rich?
So, what happened
to Lover Boy Brock?
He was what he said he was,
so we turned him over to L.A.P.D.
For those outstanding warrants.
And back to square one.
Magda's not involved,
we've pretty much ruled out espionage.
Yeah, the killer wears fancy suits
and studies security cams.
We're missing motive.
Maybe because it's random.
- Oh. Abby got you onboard?
- He wishes.
So, uh, do you guys know
about the birthday paradox?
Abby discusses it on her blog.
How many people
do you need in a room
to have an even chance that two
of them have the same birthday?
I don't know.
A hundred and 82 and a half.
Only 23.
And with 57 people,
it's a 99-percent chance that two
of them will have the same birthday.
True randomness includes repeats.
A truly random group of murders
would have at least two white males
in their 20s.
Yeah. Or two gunshot deaths,
or two stabbing deaths.
But there are no repeats.
It's hard to do.
If the m.o.
Is to make it all appear random,
then why kill McEllon when
there are so many other easy targets?
And if it is the Phantom,
then he changed his m.o.
Now, why would he do that?
Hey, so good news.
Flagstaff P.D. Is going back
to their crime scene.
Jose Piñon, electrocuted in his bathtub
five weeks ago.
I told them to look for dust prints.
I hope nobody cleaned the floor.
So, um, that's the bootie pattern?
Yep. It was left inversely in the dust
on the floor at the McEllon's house.
It's a pattern from a HAZMAT suit
made by ProtectorSuits Inc.
I e-mailed them for a distribution list,
but they're not open till morning.
Well, so then if we have to wait
until morning, then...
Are you trying to ask me out, Eric?
- Yeah.
- Okay, just checking. Go ahead.
Maybe a drink at, say, SteamPunk?
It's only the coolest place
I've wanted to go
but never been west of the Mississippi.
Yes.
How do you know about
SteamPunk?
Uh, you mentioned it online
somewhere.
You've been reading my blog. A lot.
So along with seeing
this awesome club,
I wanna see the Museum of Jurassic
Technology and the Car Museum.
Oh, have you seen out back?
There's hot rods everywhere.
Yeah, this is where they hang out.
That's what makes this place so cool.
And I wanna see an earthquake.
Oh, I mean, I know you can't see
an earthquake, but I wanna feel one.
I mean, the whole Earth shaking.
I mean, just a small one,
where no people or animals get hurt.
But doesn't it feel cool?
Yeah, I guess it feels kind of funky,
when no one gets hurt.
Um, do you want another...
Uh, whatever this is?
You're on refills,
I'm gonna go check out the hot rods.
Flagstaff P.D. Found footprints
in the dust. Same size, same pattern.
Abby's right. Phantom's real.
Oh, my God,
I am buying that woman a beer.
I'll buy her a brewery,
but I need to know why McEllon.
The Phantom's other victims
were all easier targets.
That's not the only difference.
All the other cases happened
in smaller cities with P.D. S
that didn't have the resources
to nationalise the case.
But now, Los Angeles.
Second biggest P.D. In the country.
And he gets NCIS involved.
A federal agency. That's not random.
- You hit McEllon because of NCIS.
- Yeah, but what does that get you?
Other than caught?
It gets you Abby Sciuto.
The one person calling attention to you
when you're trying to stay off the radar.
He must have had access
to her blog.
She only reported her Phantom theory
on her closed forum.
He hacks into that,
sees that she's a threat.
Kills someone from the Navy
to draw her out. Where is she?
They went to a bar.
A place she talked about before online.
- Eric.
- Hey, Callen.
You guys should come down here.
This place is awesome.
What?
Abby?
Abby!
Where was she abducted?
In a dark parking lot, Leon.
But no video
and so far, no witnesses.
Nate, I want brass tacks.
The good news is he abducted her
instead of killing her outright.
Probably wants to gloat
and show her he's superior.
The bad news is she does pose
a major threat to him.
So he will kill her. Probably soon.
All right. You keep me in the loop.
Gibbs and his team are en route
to Manassas Airport.
He's trying to get a favour with the FBI
to borrow their G5.
He'll be with you by midday.
Let's pray Abby has that long.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Have you seen this woman?
Hey! I'm talking to you.
I don't care,
big Muggle cop without a warrant.
Listen, I don't know
what "Muggle" means,
but I don't have time for this,
Marilyn Manson.
Sam, let's do this all at once.
- Hey!
- It's a party, man.
Hi. This woman was abducted
from here 30 minutes ago.
Anyone see anything?
Anyone? We need your help.
She was here with a blond dude.
Creepy looking guy in flip-flops.
He's okay.
Anyone else? Please.
Anyone? Her name is Abby.
Please, we need your help.
Please.
She's a friend of mine.
Guy came in yesterday,
gave me this.
He said she was an old friend,
asked me to text him if she came in.
He gave me a hundred bucks.
- What'd he look like?
- Like you,
like the blond guy she was here with.
He and I don't really look alike.
I'm sorry. All Muggles look the same.
Okay, we've identified every person
who's had access
to Abby's online forum, except one.
Check out Mike287.
He mentions SteamPunk.
He suggests she'd love it
if she went to L.A.
Post is two months old, which means
he's been planning it that long.
Yeah, he's setting a lot of bait.
Who is Mike287?
Come on, guys, bust down this door.
Poses as Mike Kinkirk,
L.A. County criminalist.
The real Kinkirk has been
in hospice for months.
He's using routers
to hide the computer he posts from,
- but I'm sure he's actually in L.A.
- That makes sense.
All this planning to lure out Abby.
Like Callen was saying, it's a lot
more work than he's had to do before.
- Easier to do it in a familiar place.
- Home-field advantage.
Okay. The encrypted phone
the bar woman sent the text to
belongs to Zuggler-Smith.
That's McEllon's law firm.
They bought 30 secure phones
for their attorneys six months ago.
That's not all.
They took delivery
of a whole bunch of HAZMAT suits.
Deliveries going back two years.
That's when the Phantom
started killing. So he's a lawyer?
- Figures.
- Yeah, but which lawyer?
Doesn't say who received the suits,
so we don't know
who the firm issued the phone to.
I'm firing up the ops centre now.
Law firm's our only lead.
We go undercover.
Are you comfortable?
I can't move.
It's a... Just a little chemical restraint.
It's just a little
chemical restraint. It'll wear off slowly.
You'll start feeling your fingers
and your toes first.
So it's not quite a creepy dungeon.
I made it for you, Abby.
You who named me.
Phantom.
If I could have caught you,
I would have.
And yet I caught you.
You went right
where I asked you to go.
You're Mike287.
You making a little Abby movie?
Oh, that's for
watching you when I go to work.
I took the day off today
so we could be together.
After all, Abby, we're a team.
There's no "I" in your team.
You'll resist at first.
And maybe I'll wait for you
to come around.
Or maybe I won't.
The only people coming around
are my friends.
And they're gonna smash
through the door, wherever the door is,
and they're gonna put you in prison
where you belong, creep.
Couple of things.
First, anyone comes in here,
the place bursts into flames.
Butane.
And second, I'm good at what I do.
You're the definition
of the opposite of good.
In part, thanks to you,
I won't wear the suit
on smooth floors anymore.
There will be no more
Phantom footprints.
I didn't blog about that.
No, you told Flagstaff P.D.
They posted it
when they found them.
And by the way,
don't call me a creep.
You're right.
We just met.
It's not polite to judge.
I just...
I have this itch,
it's right on the tip of my nose.
Could you just help me, please?
Aah! Don't you dare!
Calm.
- Calm.
- That's what you look like.
Who's better, Zuggler or Smith?
- For what, ma'am?
- For getting every stinking penny.
Ha, ha. You've come to the right place.
Have a seat, please.
I don't believe it.
- I was here first, weasel.
- Uh-huh.
So you're gonna spend my money
to screw me out of my money?
So hard you're gonna wanna crawl
back to the sewer you came from.
- That's it.
- Don't do it. Don't touch me.
Give back my purse!
Don't touch me.
- Fine. See if they take your business.
- Heh.
How are you gonna pay the retainer?
I froze you out of all the accounts.
Or maybe they'll take
in-kind contributions,
- like you freely gave to the pool guy?
- Shut up.
- And gardener.
- Security.
- The driver, the personal trainer.
- Shut up. Shut up!
- Security to the front.
- You are a crazy woman.
- No, no, no.
- You are crazy.
- One crazy woman.
- No.
- Get off of me! Unh!
- Sir.
Easy, miss, easy.
- Get off me.
- Let her go.
- Go back into your office.
- I gave you everything.
I'm in. Which way do I go, Eric?
- I think the last room on your left.
- You think?
Not like we had time to plan.
I hacked the surveillance system,
buzzed through a lot of old video,
and caught a woman giving out
a cell phone. She's the chief admin.
She keeps a roster in her right
desk drawer. It's the best I got.
Capturing video now.
Got it, Sam.
- I'll do it, Miss Jenkins.
- And by tomorrow. Thanks.
Hey, how are you?
Had a little thing up front there.
Oh, okay. Bye.
- Hey. Kensi?
- On her way back.
I found who the phone
was signed out to.
Mike Smith, founding partner.
I hacked into his computer.
It's been idle for two days.
I don't think he's been at work.
He logs on as Mike287
and visits Abby's blog regularly.
I'm sending you his licence.
Address is 287 Bruckner, Mike287.
Oh, boy.
Abby's alive.
He's streaming live video
from his house
to his computer at work.
At least I hope it's live.
- He's with her.
- All right, we're ten minutes out.
Hold on, hold on.
This can't be his house.
The room she's in looks like
it doesn't have any windows.
It's gotta be a commercial space.
I'm thinking...
Yeah, 458 North Fig. The law office
is expanding to the building next door.
- Smith owns it.
- We're standing right in front of it.
Eric said no windows.
Basement.
Guys, he's moving towards her.
Mike Smith. He's not the Phantom.
We're in the wrong place.
So was he.
He's been dead
two or three days, Eric.
The Phantom works in a law firm.
Smith, his boss, gets suspicious,
so he kills him.
I bet there's no forensics
in there either.
Sam, we got him.
Check your phone.
Mike287 posts
from Smith's work computer.
At those specific time codes,
we found this guy.
- The receptionist.
- Front desk at the law firm.
Male receptionist is Tom Smith.
Your dead guy is his Uncle Mike.
The boss is your uncle,
you have the run of the place.
So wherever he's got Abby,
he's probably got the run of that place.
Okay, there's nothing in Tom's name,
but his uncle has a dozen...
Had a dozen real-estate holdings,
office buildings, warehouses,
it could be any of them.
We check them all out. We'll take half,
Kensi and Dom, you take the other half.
Eric, find out if L.A.P.D.
Can lend a hand.
- Already on it.
- Oh, and Eric. Eyes on Abby?
Still streaming.
What's the bed for?
To you, who empower me.
He's toasting her?
I thought he was gonna gloat.
What's with the wine and the bed?
Men love women
who appreciate them,
- and she alone has appreciated him.
- I don't buy it.
He's too smart.
He knows she's his downfall.
He knows that she won't come around.
At best, he's just playing with her.
- Playing like chess?
- More like a bear with a salmon.
- You must've been good at math.
- Good at everything.
So Tampa,
that was your first?
My fifth.
So, what four did I miss?
Well, they were before the suit.
My first was in Chico.
My first human, I mean.
Animals? Hoo. Before that,
there were dozens of animals.
That's how I knew I was built for this.
Really, I just couldn't stop
killing animals.
It was such intense pleasure.
It's not fun.
It's awful.
And you are awful.
Every person and animal
that you killed had a life,
and people that loved them
and deserved them alive.
I'm not on your side.
I've never been on your side,
and I will never be on your side.
I know.
But it was fun to pretend.
Do you wanna pretend?
Buy yourself another night of life?
After all, you'll be able to move soon.
- Look at that.
- Yeah.
And look at this.
Four down, eight to go.
- Kensi?
- Make that five down, seven to go.
Got two black and whites
dispatching now.
We don't have time to search seven
buildings, even with local P.D.
Find where that camera is, now.
The camera's fixed,
there's no swing...
Wait. I do have zoom.
Zoom out, Eric,
go wide so we can see the building.
Eric? Eric.
I don't believe it. She's signing
to the camera. That's sign.
- You read sign language?
- Since I was 7.
She's fingerspelling.
All right. "Noise," something.
I can't read.
It's like when someone's mumbling.
Her fingers are slurred.
"Noise...
Construction noise."
That's half the message.
Then start looking
for construction sites.
Callen, there's a warehouse
on the corner of 6th and Ardmore,
owned by Smith.
Construction down the block.
On our way.
The truth is you're just
not smart enough for me, Abby.
Because you're there and I'm here.
And now, the great forensic specialist
dies without any evidence of her killer.
And it will be fun for me, Abby.
I've almost got
the second half of the message.
Okay, it's "noise."
Uh, "doors." Doors?
"Noise doors."
Uh, um... "Doors." It's, um... It's...
- Wait.
- Guys, stop.
Wire.
Abby's signing, "Construction noise,
doors booby-trapped."
How are we getting in, Eric?
Okay.
Skylight, fire escape, north side.
I'll leave,
trip the door fuse remotely,
place will go kaboom,
and the Phantom remains traceless.
You're not traceless.
Oh, come on, Abby.
You know butane burns hot enough
to destroy evidence.
You have my teeth marks
on your finger.
Creep.
- Miami?
- Oh, Miami was half the height
and we still got all busted up.
One of us may land soft enough
and get the shot.
Yeah, if one of us is Peter Pan.
I saved the "white woman
in her late 20s" slot for you.
Guys.
You should be honoured.
Guys, gotta go now.
Oh, God.
Unh! You've got to lay off
the doughnuts, buddy.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Thank you, G. Callen.
You're welcome, Abby Sciuto.
Des Moines P.D. Got a traffic-cam shot
of Smith near the crime scene.
And Tampa P.D. Found him
on a flight manifest
leaving after the murder.
You've solved 15 murders in as many
hours. Abby, how does that feel?
Almost as good as being alive.
- Hey, I lowered him down.
- And did it perfectly. Mwah.
The post-incident medical
evaluation is not optional, Abby.
- They're waiting for you. Go, go.
- Hetty, I'm so sorry,
but there's something way more
important that I have to do first.
- What could possibly...?
- Abby. On-screen in 30 seconds.
That.
Gibbs, Gibbs, I'm okay.
I know you were coming to save me,
but these guys, they were amazing.
Really.
I mean, you should see
what they can do with a fire hose.
McGee, you were so right
about how cool this place is.
Not as cool as home,
because nothing is as cool as home,
and I can't wait to see you guys.
It was scary, but we got him.
- We got the Phantom. Amazing.
- I wanna show you something.
I mean, really.
I know, there's a small fee.
We're gonna some lend you resources
to search for evidence
that Smith was there
around the time of the...
You're going to tell me that I
should have consulted you before...?
No.
My team's getting half a day's
desk work done in half an hour.
You row pretty good.
- Thanks.
- Detective Rogers?
Special Agent Kensi Blye, NCIS.
Listen, I think we may have solved...
I'm sending you the photo now.